The owner of the main driver's restaurant
The owner of the driver's restaurant
I thought you didn't recognize me as the owner
Where is the new owner?
I want to see who it is
The owner is right.
You have been missing for five years
Accident Xiao Xiao is about to move
We just announced the return of the owner
Just grow up
I didn't expect Feng'e to really find you
shopkeeper
The five-yearly everyone Chamber of Commerce is about to be held
Your memory returns
As usual
When you are present
I see.
It is said that all these years I have been away
The Zhang family in the imperial capital is very high-profile
I just inherited the Ye family
Just in need of a stepping stone
The shopkeeper
Do you mean to let the Ye family join the building chamber of commerce?
As for the president of the chamber of commerce?
I have someone more visible
Nalongguiyan is held normally
Invite consortia of dignitaries from various countries to participate
Five years of humiliation in southern Xinjiang
20 years of displacement
There should also be a saying that
Everyone knows that I have two sons
Boss Ye Tianci
It's the regret of my life
He should have been rich and broke
But suffered for 20 years
The second child is like a dragon at night
Received the best education from an early age
Life alone
The young dragons are
young and promising
Mom, you know I'm young and promising
I thought you had forgotten my abilities?
As a father
No one should be biased
But Ye Rulong
You should know what you did
You practiced the board with your face today